1-push puul legs 
What is Push Pull Legs? 
Push pull legs is a weightlifting training split that divides your muscles into groups, where each group is trained separately, on a different day. This allows each muscle group to get the rest they need while ensuring that there isn’t too much time between each session which could otherwise increase chances of regression. 

Push day allows you to work your Chest, Shoulders and Triceps mainly all within one session. 
Pull day will allow the muscles used in your Push Day to rest while you blast your Back, Traps, and Biceps. 
Leg Day is what it says on the tin. While your upper body rests, you’re working your lower body to its full capacity, including your Glutes, Hamstrings, Quads, and Calves. 
Mass-Building Basics
The Push, Pull, Legs workout routine is for anyone, whether you’re walking into the gym for the first time or you’re an experienced gym-goer.

Don’t expect Bicep Curls or Pec Dec sets. The main reason is that the majority of these workouts are comprised of compound exercises like the barbell bench press, squats and deadlifts offer the most ‘bang for your buck’. They involve multiple muscle groups and allow the most room for progression of reps and weight. This means more growth for you. 

What Does a Push, Pull, Legs Workout Look Like? 
The basic premise of any push, pull, legs program will always be similar, but there will be subtle differences for those just getting started in the gym compared to those who are more experienced. 

The first major difference between the beginner program and the advanced program is the tweaking of training days. The advanced trainer will be training two days on and one day off, which allows for increased frequency of hitting body parts, leading to more opportunities for growth and recovery. An advanced gym-goer will likely also add more complex exercises as they improve their technique and knowledge. 

2-full body
Home » Programs » Powerlifting Training Programs » Full Body Workout Plans
Best Full Body Workout Plans
BY KYLE RISLEY
LAST UPDATED MARCH 28, 2021
PERIODIZATION: LINEAR PERIODIZATION

AS AN AFFILIATE OF VARIOUS SITES, INCLUDING AMAZON ASSOCIATES, I MAY EARN A COMMISSION ON QUALIFYING PURCHASES VIA LINKS IN THIS POST AT NO EXTRA COST TO YOU. SEE FULL DISCLOSURE

Full Body Workout Routines
A full body workout routine is any program that works all of the major muscle groups in each training session. They are effective for building strength, gaining muscle, and losing fat. As such, they are commonly recommended for many beginner lifters, though they are also well suited for intermediate and advanced lifters.

By engaging the whole body in each training session, these routines often only need to be completed 3 days per week. This makes them one of the most efficient training methods available for those looking to get in shape.

Popular Full Body Training Routines
Below you’ll find a selection of the most effective full body workout programs organized by progression level.

Novice lifters progress the faster, adding weight after each training session.

Intermediate lifters progress on a weekly basis.

Advanced lifters progress every few weeks to monthly.

Novice Full Body Workout Programs
Ivysaur 4-4-8


3-upper body end lower boddy

The Upper Lower program in bodybuilding is a HalfBody type of training where body training is separated in two.

We perform a session for the upper body and a session for the lower body that we alternate and repeat once or twice a week to arrive at a total of 3 to 4 weekly weight training sessions.

It sometimes happens that some train six times a week with it but it is "too much" for the majority.

In any case, it is a classic cut, a training distribution that is often adopted after reaching the limits of the FullBody program in bodybuilding (see this article) before moving on to a more ordinary PPL program or Split where each muscle will be worked with more attention.

This training distribution is also often used in physical preparation whose needs are not those of the natural bodybuilding practitioner whose priority objective is to gain muscle, to transform physically.

ather than looking for the best halfbody distribution, you divide your body in half and select one to two exercises per muscle among the most effective depending on your morpho-anatomy (You can see the list here).

The order of the exercises is also simplified since you start your session with the largest muscles.

The reflection concerning the best arrangement between our different muscles is eliminated which can be a dilemma especially if we start in bodybuilding and we do not have the necessary knowledge to customize his program.

The Upper Lower program also allows you to benefit from an increased training frequency compared to Split training.

Being able to repeat your bodybuilding exercises frequently improves their accuracy. This is called motor learning.

Perfecting your technique makes it possible to make the effort more muscular and less nervous and thus to better benefit from it to gain muscle.

Time is thus saved because the first gains when you start bodybuilding are always nervous. We gain
